Know that black stones sell bones for money
I didn't expect to make so much money
Oops, I forgot to buy roast chicken for Rong Zhangnan
Rong Zhangnan
Ren scum Ren scum why are you here
Run slower, community handsome dog eats shit
I still want to buy you roast chicken
I heard your family is against us being together
What did that Li Yan come to warn me?
Tell me to stay away from you
I don't want you to be scolded by your family because of me.
He also went to find you
I've made it very clear to him.
And that's the defining characteristic of my life.
I know that.
Ningyuan, since we are together now
Even in name only
I don't want you to either.
Give other men unnecessary opportunities
You are my object now
I don't know why.
I felt warm in my heart when he said that
As for your family
I'm back to work now.
They should not object
If they knew that you had resumed your job in the capital
Maybe I'll ask you for a nice dowry
Why not?
Just looking for you to find some good job or something
I can give it to them if they really want it.
No need.
One, we're not a real couple.
You don't owe me anything
Second, I don't have a good relationship with them.
I didn't want them to take advantage.
You have a bad relationship with your family
Didn't your brother send you money specially from Shanghai?
And cookies?
My eldest brother was adopted by my parents.
His parents were martyrs
I used to live in our unit courtyard
My eldest brother treats me best in our family.
Forget it, let's not talk about these unhappy things
You haven't eaten yet, I'll take you to eat delicious food
I'm not hungry. It's okay. Let's go.
Eat whatever you want
Today we will drink this
Cheers.
Still drinking
Go back to the room to rest
Are you still opening a room?
This Song and Liang Ye have high degrees
I'm afraid it's not safe for us to walk at night
That's not too high, oops, I haven't had any more.
Stop drinking and go
What are you looking at?
You don't look good
Ah! What are you doing?